PHI 4:6 In nothing be anxious, but in everything, by prayer and petition with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known to God.
PHI 4:7 And the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your thoughts in Christ Jesus.
MAT 6:34 Therefore don’t be anxious for tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Each day’s own evil is sufficient.
1PE 5:7 casting all your worries on him, because he cares for you.
PSA 56:3 When I am afraid, I will put my trust in you.
ISA 41:10 Don’t you be afraid, for I am with you. Don’t be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you. Yes, I will help you. Yes, I will uphold you with the right hand of my righteousness.
DEU 31:6 Be strong and courageous. Don’t be afraid or scared of them, for the LORD your God himself is who goes with you. He will not fail you nor forsake you.”
PSA 25:16 Turn to me, and have mercy on me, for I am desolate and afflicted.
JOH 14:18 I will not leave you orphans. I will come to you.
PSA 34:18 The LORD is near to those who have a broken heart, and saves those who have a crushed spirit.
MAT 5:4 Blessed are those who mourn, for they shall be comforted.
JAM 1:19 So, then, my beloved brothers, let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak, and slow to anger;
JAM 1:20 for the anger of man doesn’t produce the righteousness of God.
EPH 4:26 “Be angry, and don’t sin.” Don’t let the sun go down on your wrath,
1JO 1:9 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and righteous to forgive us the sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
PSA 32:5 I acknowledged my sin to you. I didn’t hide my iniquity. I said, I will confess my transgressions to the LORD, and you forgave the iniquity of my sin. Selah.
ROM 15:13 Now may the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that you may abound in hope in the power of the Holy Spirit.
PSA 42:11 Why are you in despair, my soul? Why are you disturbed within me? Hope in God! For I shall still praise him, the saving help of my countenance, and my God.
LAM 3:22 It is because of the LORD’s loving kindnesses that we are not consumed, because his mercies don’t fail.
LAM 3:23 They are new every morning. Great is your faithfulness.
1TH 5:18 In everything give thanks, for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus toward you.
PSA 107:1 Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good, for his loving kindness endures forever.
EPH 4:32 And be kind to one another, tender hearted, forgiving each other, just as God also in Christ forgave you.
COL 3:13 bearing with one another, and forgiving each other, if any man has a complaint against any; even as Christ forgave you, so you also do.
MAT 11:28 “Come to me, all you who labor and are heavily burdened, and I will give you rest.
MAT 11:29 Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle and humble in heart; and you will find rest for your souls.
MAT 11:30 For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.”
PSA 23:1 A Psalm by David. The LORD is my shepherd; I shall lack nothing.
PSA 23:2 He makes me lie down in green pastures. He leads me beside still waters.
PSA 23:3 He restores my soul. He guides me in the paths of righteousness for his name’s sake.
JOS 1:9 Haven’t I commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Don’t be afraid. Don’t be dismayed, for the LORD your God is with you wherever you go.”
